DOC: clarify whats required for new features see #13924 (#16854)
numpy/numpy: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Suggested ways to work on your development version (compile and run
the tests without interfering with system packages) are described in
``doc/source/dev/development_environment.rst``.

### A note on feature enhancements/API changes

> 1. If you are looking to enhance features or make any API changes please note that NumPy
> prefers not to add new APIs but instead leave these to more specialized packages.
> 2. If you would like to add a new feature please make sure you raise the feature in our
> mailing list first to get alignment. You can sign up for the mailing list [here](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/numpy-discussion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in adding a new feature to NumPy, consider
submitting your feature proposal to the `mailing_list`_, which is
the preferred forum for discussing new features and API changes.
```
Just a suggestion to make the guidelines seem less formulaic - feel free to ignore. (n.b. the mailing list link might need to be fixed in this suggestion)

Suggested ways to work on your development version (compile and run
the tests without interfering with system packages) are described in
``doc/source/dev/development_environment.rst``.

### A note on feature enhancements/API changes

> If you are interested in adding a new feature to NumPy, consider
> submitting your feature proposal to the `mailing_list`_, which is
> the preferred forum for discussing new features and API changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in adding a new feature to NumPy, consider
submitting your feature proposal to the [mailing list][mail], which is
the preferred forum for discussing new features and API changes.

[mail]: https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/numpy-discussion
```
